I have been supporting a Fortune 500 US-based pharmaceutical client. This project involved providing production support for a large-scale integration built on MuleSoft Anypoint Platform, which connected multiple enterprise applications such as SAP, EDI, SFDC, and custom on-prem/cloud applications. We also support IBM WebSphere tools like IBM MFT, IBM MQ and Datapower. The primary objective was to ensure high availability, performance, and reliability of business-critical APIs and integrations that supported business operations across multiple domains.
Major Responsibilities:
Monitored and supported 600+ MuleSoft APIs, 1000+ File transfers via IBM MFT. Performed L2 analysis of incidents, addressing issues related to API failures, Data transformation issues, connectivity problems and Authentication issues. Used Anypoint Monitoring, Dynatrace, Runtime Manager, ELK to diagnose and resolve issues. Handled production go-live deployments via Git CI-CD and provided post-validations,
including hypercare support. Planned and led standard maintenance activities, certificate
renewals, and password updates in production. Involved in critical P1/P2 outage calls for issue triaging and resolution. Worked on root cause analysis (RCA), proposed permanent fixes, and collaborated with development teams for enhancements and hotfixes. Involved in end-to-end support for IBM MQ / MFT creation, management and troubleshooting of MFT Jobs and Queues. Created Custom Dashboards in Elastic for data visualization of logs for enhanced monitoring, created alerting mechanisms like Dynatrace Synthetic monitor alerts, Elasticsearch alerts for quick identification of production issues. Ensured SLA compliance, maintained on-call support schedules, coordinated with cross-functional teams and created SOP's and documentations. Reduced recurring incidents by identifying common error patterns and proposing fixes to developers. Improved API performance through fine-tuning of configurations, connection pools, and retry mechanisms.
